[resotocore][feat] Serve jupyterlite from resotocore (#1138)
someengineering/resoto: resotocore/resotocore/jupyterlite/README.md

# Jupyterlite static assets folder

> The contents are generated. Do not edit anything in this folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The contents of this directory are generated automatically. Do not edit the files in this folder.
```
